Proof-read documentation (#674)
gdg-x/hoverboard: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hoverboard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hoverboard) [![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgdg-x%2Fhoverboard.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgdg-x%2Fhoverboard?ref=badge_shield)[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/7973ac656dc94e42858ce640bb02de58)](https://www.codacy.com/app/pamuditha/hoverboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=pamuditha/hoverboard&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

## Overview

> Project Hoverboard is the conference website template that helps you to set up a mobile-first conference website with blogs, speakers and schedule management in a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project Hoverboard is the conference website template that helps you to set up a mobile-first conference website with blog, speaker and schedule management in a few minutes.
```

      - Save the file as `serviceAccount.json` and to the root of your hoverboard directory (❗Do NOT commit this file to the public repository)
    * Enable Firestore in web console at [console.firebase.google.com](https://console.firebase.google.com) -> Database -> Cloud Firestore -> Create database. Select **locked mode** and press **Enable**
    * [Optional] You can edit `docs/default-firebase-data.json)` file using your own data

>       * Select your Firebase project `npx firebase use <YOUR_PROJECT_ID>`

Reviewer: I think you used tabs here instead of spaces.
